Mission
What We Do
Board
What is OLAS?
We are a student organization that recognizes that cohesiveness and true power comes from diversity. We endeavor to promote awareness, within and beyond the Latino/Latina community, that incorporates all facets of our culture rooted in Indigenous, African, and European ancestry. It is our mission to promote political, social, cultural and ethnic awareness that furthers the progression of the Latino/a community on both a collegiate and a community plane and to facilitate cultural exchange and knowledge.

Our Mission
The Organization of Latin American Students’ (OLAS) purpose is composed of three main goals:

To serve as a general support network for its members and all undergraduate and graduate Latino students at the University of Chicago.

To educate its members and the university community about diverse Latino cultures.

To foster awareness of ourselves as students, citizens, Latinos and active participants in several communities.

What We Do
Community: We strive to foster an immersive and supportive community for Latin Americans and invite our non-Latin American friends to join us in forming positive relations between each other and the greater Chicago community.

Culture: We strive to promote an immersive culturally rich Latin American environment through hosting workshops, fostering productive discussions, and promoting community events.

Connections: We strive to be a resource for our members by connecting them to the opportunities available on and off campus.

Our Board
Juan Anderson	andersonjc@uchicago.edu	Co President	Juan Anderson is a third year at the University of Chicago majoring in Economics with a minor in Computer Science.

Silvia Moreno	sdmoreno@uchicago.edu	Co President	Daniela Moreno a third year at the University, majoring in Public Policy studies. She was born in Colombia, and grew up in South Florida. She has been involved with OLAS since her first year and is co-president of the organization. Coming from a tight-knit Colombian family, I knew that I could find a home away from home with OLAS, allowing me to stay grounded to my Latin roots.

Nylani Rios	nrios23@uchicago.edu	Communications Chair	Nylani is a fourth year majoring in Psychology with a visual arts minor and a plan to be the next big CMO for a top notch music production company. She is originally from Chicago, raised in the infamous Pureto Rican neighborhood Humboldt Park, which has taught her to love her culture and share her pride with her fellow LatinX hermanos y hermanas. She also loves arroz con gandules.

Emma Perez	emmacperez@uchicago.edu	         Logistics Chair	         Emma is a proud Cuban and a third year at the University of Chicago, majoring in Global Studies and minoring in Human Rights. She's from West Palm Beach, FL and is obsessed with all things platanos. She is a lover of Zumba, Beyonce, and especially platanos maduros fritos. She hopes to attend law school and work in criminal justice reform. Find her at Zumba or at an OLAS meeting near you! Without her work, OLAS would be in a logistical mess! 

Konrad Danzer	kdanzer@uchicago.edu	Finance Chair	Konrad Danzer is a second-year public policy major passionate about learning and traveling the world. Current Finance Chair of OLAS, he was Born to Venezuelan parents in the United States, he understands the dynamic aspects of being part of multiple cultures and he's looking forward to having a fun and eventful year with OLAS!

Jose Reyes      reyesj5@uchicago.edu Working on bio

Ayling Dominguez	azd@uchicago.edu	Political Chair	Ayling Dominguez is a 3rd year Global Studies and Political Science double major, and our wonderfully active Political Chair. Of Mexican and Dominican descent, she is filled with taquitos, tostones, and love for OLAS. Look out for some engaging political events this year!

Kathia Rodriguez	rodriguezk@uchicago.edu	Co Cultural Chair	     Kathia Rodriguez is a proud Mexican and 3rd year at UChicago majoring in Global Studies. She loves her Latin culture especially when it comes to dancing and art which works out great seeing as how she’s OLAS’s Cultural Committee co-chair.

Gabino Sanchez Jr.	gabino@uchicago.edu	Co Social Chair	Gabino Sanchez is currently working on his bio

Lorenzo Guio	lortero@uchicago.edu	Dance Chair	Lorenzo Guio is currently working on his bio

Martina Lentino	mlentino@uchicago.edu	Co Cultural Chair	Cultural Committee Co-Director 
Martina is a third year in the College studying Art History and Latin American Studies. She’s originally from Buenos Aires, Argentina, and grew up in Miami, FL. She loves buying shoes and eating empanadas.

Roberto Rabines         Check newsletter for email          Second year residing in the space between anthropology and technology.
#guerreroinocente
#confuerzaperu
#vamoscarajo
#teamomiperu